From a strange hangar, Quonset Hut, in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia
An awesomely international Harmontown is now in session
Welcome to the stage, the Game Master extraordinaire, Spencer Crittenden
Oh fuck, oh fuck
He seems high, but he couldn't score, so he's not
Oh, don't you worry
If anybody's holding, meet Spencer backstage
Don't you worry
Alright, oh, do I know, I don't know something you know
I'm plenty high
Oh good, good boy
Let's bring out the mayor, shall we?
Jane Harmon
Woo!
Good day
I say good day to you
Thank you so much
I won't say it like you
I'm here to bring you variety
I'm not gonna just mock your accent
I'm gonna let you think that I talk funny
Good, good day
Struth
Crikey
I like that hat
But I have been working on my Australian accent
And it's very difficult accent, as you guys don't know
You don't know that
You think it's quite natural
Dan was actually cramming backstage
That's all he was doing
No, I don't have an accent
He had YouTube tutorials on
He has one sentence, and it's perfect
I do, okay, here's what I've learned
So far
I like that hat, Mike
Your eyes are oise
Your a's are eyes
Your a's are a's
And the T's, R's and G's
Fuck them
And their shrimps
And their shrimps are prawns
And you're supposed to have
This is the part that I can't get
Because I'm concentrating too hard
But you're supposed to have a playful, soft, twangy tone
That's what really separates it from the cockney
A lot of people that try to do Australian
That aren't Australian, they slip into cockney
Because you're like
But professionals like me
Accentologists
We know that you're supposed to let your tongue
You're not supposed to move your tongue that much
You're supposed to just let it sit
As if it was laying over a ball in your mouth
Don't move your lips, somebody said
So don't move your...
Don't move your lips or your tongue
And then say
I like that hat, Mike
Mike
I can't tell if they're applauding ironically or not
I think they're impressed
I like that hat, Mike
I can't do it fast
Now let's say
Hey, somebody called me an Uber
I have to be home by seven
Hurry
Somebody
Call
Call me an Uber
You're moving your lips too much
I have to be home by seven
Mike
You sound British, lady
Don't you dare
You know both you and I consider that the height of offense
We're sister colonies
We did the same thing at the same time
We're terrible, horrible genocidal maniacs
That were kicked out of the crown
We were banished to a godless land
I think we left, though
And no, come on, nobody wanted no Puritans hanging around
No, it was...
I'm not saying they loved them
I think they left
I guess there's a little bit more of a criminal thing
With the Australians
Well, there was
They got over that pretty quick
Alright, okay
That's what she said
When our prison colony is shut down
Or as we would put it in America
When there's no more room in hell
The dead will walk the earth
George Romero
Yeah, but anyways
I mean, we're obviously siblings
Even if you're not from here
Even if you're not...
But these guys have a lot of Chinese action going
We got some from Shenzhen right in the second or third row
Yeah, so that's where the phrase
Fair dinkum comes from
Fair dinkum, do you know that phrase, Jeff?
Do not
Fair dinkum
Ask me if you like my hat, Mike
Do you like your hat?
True blue, I do
Fair dinkum
Fair dinkum, it's a great hat, Mike
Alright, alright
Alright, come on, alright
Alright, that's it, that's the whole show
That's all I have
I truly spent like an hour trying to...
You seem to have assimilated quite well with your hat
And your West End shirt
West End massive?
I don't know what this means
I hope this doesn't make me homophobic or...
I'm hoping this is...
I don't know if this is like...
Okay, good
I'm an advocate, I didn't want to...
There was a shirt next to this one
In the shop that I got it
The shirt said, homosexuals are gay
And I didn't know if I got that one
Whose side I was on
I don't...
I don't know what that meant
But...
I...
Okay
That's very...
That's very brave of you, sir
He said...
He said they are
Or madam
But he shouldn't have said they are
He should have said they are
Rule number five
Your eyes are oyes
Your A's are eyes
Your As are As
Your G's, G's and R's and G's
Now Dan came into this bar
Called the End in the West End
Which is a covo bar
Right?
And so we were there yesterday
We met, I think, the owner, right, Nick?
And we had a good old time
He's a fan of Rick and Morty
And Harmontown, I think
And like lots of people
That were there that knew the show
And Dan came in today
And we said, Dan, you got to get like a hat
We thought maybe getting like a cork hat
Or a slouch hat
Or like something, you know, like...
Like what do they call the...
A Cuba
An Acura
So Dan bought a brand new Acura Legend
A Cordoba?
A Curb Your Enthusiasm?
A Cuba Gooding Junior
A Cuba Gooding
That's actually...
That's the state we're going to next
A Cuba Gooding
It goes Queensland
We're in Queensland right now
And then clockwise around Australia
You know, it's...
I wrote it down here somewhere
I think it's...
It goes from here
We go to Struth
And then Billabong
And Flapjacket
Flapjacket
But today Dan walks into the bar
We had lost him
I thought Dan just got lost
Because he was trying to
By breathe right strips
Because he's been snoring on this trip
And we lost him for a while
He comes back into the bar
Wearing this West End massive shirt
And this strange hat
And then the owner comes in
Wearing West End massive shirt
He made that shirt
He was wearing that
Accidentally at the same time
It was fantastic
It was great
It was true blue
No, it's...
Fair dinkum
But Dan, in that hat
Because you look a little bit
Like Hank Williams the third
Yeah, I'm not really fitting in
No, not the third
Junior, you look like Hank Junior
I feel like I'm ready
For some Australian rules football
Right now
But I've been trying to fit in
I got the hat
And I love flat whites
Instead of cappuccinos
And of course
Who doesn't love
Being terrified of poisonous spiders
I'm fucking terrified
God damn it
So I heard that
Apparently this is probably a lie
I don't know
The government guarantees
That if you get poisoned by something
You get a free airlift
To a hospital or something
Is that true?
Wait
But that's not something
That you would do
If poisonous things
Weren't constantly murdering
Everybody all the time
Right, it's kind of like
If you get bitten by a spider
You and a guest spend
Three days and four nights
But wait, doesn't everyone
Get that deal everywhere?
I don't know
Like what if you
Not in America
You gotta pay for that shit
Well, yeah
But in America
They still take you to the hospital
They just then bankrupt you
Yeah, no, they'll tell you though
They'll land the helicopter
And say ten thousand dollars
Right
And then they'll just fly the fuck away
What's the one called
A red jacket or the red something?
The red back
It's got a red stripe on its back
It's tiny
And it hides under toilet seats
What?
That's right
No, that's the plot to the movie
Goolies
No, you're thinking of the white tail
Equally poisonous
Even tinier
And it hides in your wallet
What?
Check your bedding
Check everything
I do like
My wall has a zipper on
And that's why I keep the white tails out
We're staying at a really nice hotel
And I don't know if this is it
Sometimes, you know
I'm not gonna make any premature
I'm like, oh, Australia's like this
Australia's like that
I'm not some kind of rube, you know?
I'm like, oh, this is Brisbane
And this is this hotel
I don't know
But I like the hotel
That we're in
Everything's very simple
Like there's no dumb art on the wall
That's trying to intimidate you
Into thinking there's more to life
Than you understand
Like it's just a picture
Of some half lady
With a surfboard going through her ear
Or something
Or a crushed trumpet
And it's like, oh man
I guess this place is pretty cool
It's just a blank kind of room
It's like, it reminded me of staying in Baraboo, Wisconsin
When I was back in the States
Back then
But then I started to realize
Oh, I bet this is all simple
And clean and nice
Because it's like, they don't want
You want to know what the spiders are
Yeah, exactly
They want, I bet this is like a thing
Like it's like, Arizona's like that
Like everywhere you stay in Arizona
It's like, clearly like there's no such thing
As a shadow
Or a corner
Or a scorpion could fucking jump out
Grab your face
Lay eggs in your goddamn brain
In my bathroom
I opened up the window
Like you can kind of lever the window open
And there's awesome like jungle birds down here
That make crazy like sounds
They're human beings, Jeff
And they're trying to
They're trying to make a living
And they're called sex workers
So I'm fucking one of these birds
And I mean
I like that jungle bird!
Mike!
What's that bird that just goes
A what?
A carawang?
You're all saying gibberish at the same time
So
You see these videos of these goddamn kangaroos
And by the way
They're as fascinated with kangaroos as we are
Are you talking about Jeff the kangaroo?
You're like chess bumps the fucking window door
There's these videos where there's just kangaroos
Will just like
I guess they wander up to people's
Yeah, Jeff
That's his name
There's a famous kangaroo called Jeff
Well there's this viral kangaroo
And I think they call it Jeff
I thought it was a kangaroo problem
It is
I mean kangaroos are the biggest problem
Behind horses and camels I believe
But they come up
And they see their reflection or something
And they have human arms
They're giant rats with human arms
They look like werewolves
If you didn't know that werewolves weren't real
You'd be like holy shit
That's a man beast
Don't let the name fool you
These are not silly creatures
They're not fun at all
They have giant scary chimpanzee arms
They cool themselves off by licking themselves
That's fucking genius
They have pockets on the outside of their body
Instead of uteruses
They're fucked up
They're like monsters
Wait, what's Jeff the kangaroo's deal?
He was hitting this fucking window or some shit
I think that's the video
The video is like this guy
He's been through it so many times
He's like oh god damn it
I can't do an Australian accent
Oh god damn it
Get the fuck out of here
Give me a piece of shit
Get out of here
You fucking
You piece of shit
I don't like your hat mate
You're not wearing one
But if you did
I wouldn't like it
Oh I forgot
Everything's a question
Everything's gotta be a question
I forgot that part
I'm sorry about that
Everything's a question
Everything's up at the end
I like that hat mate
Do I?
Do I? I don't know
Maybe I don't
I'm trying
While we're on the subject
Of Jeff the kangaroo
We were told by our
What do we call Alice
Our liaison
Our tour manager
What is she?
Tour manager
She's a jungle bird
You said that not me
Well she likes it
Alice you're from where?
Sydney?
From Sydney
She's convinced that there's a term
That is only here
Local to Brisbane
Get Jeffed
Or Jeff in
Or like I Jeffed somebody
Anybody know what that is?
See nobody knows Alice
She tried to convince me for the last two days
That that meant finger blasting somebody
Nobody fucking can bear that out
It's like I got Jeff in the parking lot last night
Right
Do you think she was
Do you think that she's sexually harassing you?
Do they have that here?
I don't know
I hope Jeff the kangaroo gets Jeffed
Jeff
Jeff's out there again banging on my glass
Also
I was told by other people
I did not bother to look it up
Because I was too busy drinking all day
That all koalas have chlamydia
There we go
You hear that Alice?
That's called confirmed
That's the APA style
We confirmed that
No do they all have it or do most koalas?
Then it takes a lot
All koalas have chlamydia
Because they ain't slenderia
I hit that by mistake
Well they eat the eucalyptus leaves
And they have diseases you believe
They'll give them to you if you sleep with thieves
Thieves
That's koala justice
Do 100% of koalas have chlamydia?
That's a common stereotype
98 might
A lot like that
Can a human being contract chlamydia by handling a koala?
Without a doubt
Do you say without a doubt or we don't know?
He might have said past assault
You fucking monster people
You talk weird
Are there cases of human beings that have contracted chlamydia by hanging out with koalas?
We're divided on that one
But no one's ever heard of Jeffing being finger-banging
No one's ever Jeffed a koala
And lived to tell about it
The night is very young
Somebody bring me a koala
I'm gonna Jeff that fucker
Fair dinkum
I Jeffed a koala
Now I got the chlamydia
It's a question
Do I have anybody?
I've crossed the threshold and do offensive
Do we have anybody who...
You're not afraid to speak
That's the only...
Someone with a nice speaking voice
And if you know about Doritos, that helps
This guy in the front
He probably knows about Doritos
Yeah, come on up if you'd like to
What's your name, sir?
Echo
Echo?
Like, you know, in the Grand Canyon
When you throw your shit down there and it echoes
Alright
A very colourful way of describing
Not reverb
Echo
I wrote down these three phrases
That I think are very Australian
Like, would you want to read that top one?
Can you read that?
Last night's episode of Caffe and Kim was Hamo
Hamo, I made up that word
Yeah, we decided that Dan's...
Because you guys nickname everybody here
So we decided that Harmon is Hamo
The Brisbane thing is to call everyone Old Mate
Old Mate?
Old Mate, yeah, if you don't know the name
Or if you don't care, that's Old Mate
Old Mate
You won't hear that anywhere else, it's just a Brisbane thing
Oh, Old Mate
Oh, Apostrophe Mate
But is the... Oh, is the apostrophe for LD?
Is it...
Order!
I will clear this quonset hut
O-L, Apostrophe Mate
Old Mate
Thank you, Old Mate
It's also the most popular cologne here in Brisbane
Alright, here's the next phrase
Don't move, mate, there's a spider on your face
And it's poisonous as...
Poisonous as
They say something is something as
And then they just stop talking
That's their thing
It's like poison as, mate
Poison as, mate
But it's A-Z, not A-S, poison as
This taco is poison as, mate
Yeah, rich as, mate
And then this is a phrase that Jeff Swears was told to him by our Australian friend
Her Vag was Ledge
I asked a friend who's from Melbourne
I said, give me a...
What's the most Australian thing you could say?
Her Vag was Ledge
Okay, so, and I found...
This is seriously...
I found those I wrote
But this is seriously a dialogue I found
Because I was googling, like, how to do the accent
And they actually have this dialogue between us
And I said, Jeff, you should do this dialogue with me
And he said, no, bring up somebody
And it's all vodka flying off my mustache
Don't be grossed out by it
If it hits you, just...
It'll kill all the microscopic spiders on your face
Cool
So I think you be...
Wait
Oh, you be Adam
And I'll be John
This is, like, I got this off of, like...
I don't know, some website that said...
I think it's supposed to be, like, quick,
Decentral Australian dialogue
So you be Adam and I'll do John, okay
G'day, mate
How are you going?
How was your weekend?
G'day
Yeah
My weekend was heaps good
I went to the beach
And had a barbecue with my mates
It was a truly weekend
Chublew weekend
Sounds great
How was the beach?
The beach...
Was fully sick
Fair dinkum
I caught five waves
And then took a break
But creaky, I was nearly bit by a shark
Struth, mate, you okay?
Wish I had a come with you, but I'm glad you didn't get it
I'm afraid of sharks
Chublew, next time, see you later
Bye, mate
Bye
Who was Adam and who was John in that one?
He was Adam
Hey, Adam
Yeah, mate
Did your friend John have a stroke?
Is he okay?
I think his friend John is a...
Shit, I forgot the name of the things that fight Dr. Who
A dollar
Extrema, mate
I like your hat, mate
A dollar
Extrema, mate
When you've been in the sun too long, you kind of start talking like that
But that's when you've been out for a while
We noticed that everyone over 45 dresses like how I'm dressed
Like that's why...
All the young people are like normal earthlings
Jeff's theory was that when you turn 45
You take your driver's license and they just give you an outfit
Because everyone's just walking around dressed like an Australian action figure
It's like Logan's run rules, you hit sanctuary and you have to put on the hat
I like that carousel, mate
Echo, are you a local Brisbaneite?
I have been for a few months, I just got back from America actually
I was in Ohio, Florida, Texas and California
All the good places
I just missed the winter which was kind of disappointing
And I understand we have to be careful when we talk about politics here
Because you have liberals with a capital L
But their liberals are Nazis
I'd like to say we're not doing as bad as you guys are right now
But that's...
It's not really the case anymore
Oh really? What is going on here in your best description?
You can tap out, you didn't sign on for this right
If it's controversial and they're going to start booing or something
I don't think they'll start booing, I think you can just sort of point at any of them
And just sort of say, you know, this one is shit
And like half of them will go yeah
All you really got to drag on is like Pauline Hanson
Pauline Hanson is your number one target
If you want to make friends with him here
Pauline Hanson
Is Pauline like a...
Pauline
It's Pauline
Crunchy
Call Pauline just to piss him off more
Do some research on him and come up with some nice talking points
First of all, he has a girl's name
Okay
Alright, I mean I have a girl's name
Hey Dan, why don't you leave your cisgender bullshit back in the States, man?
Yeah
Like Jane, I'd like to represent the entire trans community
And everything you say will be monitored
Yeah, there was graffiti, you saw graffiti that said
Fuck the system but spelled C-I-S
Yeah
Yeah, fuck that system
Bigger fish now, man, there's fucking Nazis in the White House
I can't even, I gotta tell my trans friends
I'll be back in a second
Nazis, Nazis in the White House
Alright, anyways, sorry
You're saying that your trans friends have to rely on you to get Nazis out of the White House?
They have to go cool it for a while?
I may stumble over a pronoun here and there
I'm terrified for my life, I'm just like
The election happened and on the night before it, it was like
I'm almost perfect in the way that I think and talk
And then it was like this fucking monster happened
And then I was like, I need a musket and I need fresh water
It really is, I mean, I'm assuming most of you are from here
But waking up as a citizen of the United States
Every day is like we're living in a fucking nightmare
It's absolutely insane
It's pretty historical stuff, it feels
Dan and I both voted for Trump, but we didn't know what we were doing
We thought it was a lark
It was a protest vote
We just wanted Hillary to know she couldn't take us for granted
We didn't know she was gonna lose
We were playing hard to get
It's all they respect
You gotta take that red pill
So you guys, so you're liberals with a capital L
But do you use the word liberal with a small L to mean
Like the opposite of what your liberals are?
Yeah, no, definitely
That must get so confusing
But I guess we have Democrats and it's like
Oh, those are your guys in favor of voting, like what?
And then the Republicans and it's like
Well, yeah, they love republics
What the fuck is a republic?
I don't know
But then your liberals are labor, right?
Labor are liberals
And then our labor, we don't have anybody that calls themselves labor
That's offensive to all of our labor
They're like, I don't labor
I'm gonna be rich one day
I'm gonna scratch off away
I always got confused by the labor name as a kid as well
It was just like, what?
This is so confusing
Just pick one
And then you have Tories and Poison Spiders
Well, Tories
Four party system
Yeah, poison
I'm all for the poison spiders
And the poison spiders are in favor of healthcare
In the form of helicopters that come and take you
To the poison centers
But only so they can bite you again
Is what I'm told
We'll see the thing is, we didn't need a talking car
To broker the deal between the spiders and the piece
The government
They were already in our ice cream anyway
That's a reference to my hit show, Rick and Morty
It's a hit, it's a transcontinental hit
The problem with spiders running healthcare is that
When you go and you're at the hospital
And you're reaching into your wallet for your insurance card
There's a fucking spider in your wallet
And they fucking get you coming there
There's spiders everywhere
And what we're told is the bigger they are
Or the bigger they are
That was good
That actually sounded pretty good
The bigger they are
No, no, no, you're pushing too hard
The less poisonous they are
Yeah, you gotta, just to remind
You gotta talk out of your nose a bit more
If you really want to get that Australian thing
You gotta put your upper lip up into the nose bridge
So it's sort of coming out of that end
Yeah, like that
Like that
But yeah, so there's tiny, itty-bitty little spiders
Oh, they'll kill you more
And they can just kill you
Has anybody here in the audience tonight
Ever died from a spider bite?
There hasn't been a spider bite yet in 30 years
But that's a misnomer, right?
Because you don't die from the bite
You die because your throat swells up
And you suffocate, right?
Nobody's died, somebody posits from the audience
That nobody has died from a spider bite in 30 years
Yeah, in Australia or just on Earth?
Australia, okay
But Spencer's suggesting that it's like in the wire
When you're just calling the death a different thing
Like when they go like, oh, we don't have a drug problem
This is a, this was a
It's like you don't die from the car crash
You die from the strangulation on the state bill
So there's probably like a million spider deaths a week here
But your flesh starts to die
And your finger falls off and shit, right?
Depends which one bites you
Yeah
Your friend lost his big toe
That sounds like necritus
It sounds like his toe necrotized
Yeah
I know all about poison spiders
Who here has a personal...
Has anybody here lost a limb?
Well, alright, just, no, just any personal, horrifying spider story
It could be a...
Right, right in the front row
Is it going to be your friend that lost his toe?
Because we don't want to hear about that shit
That's just second hand, that's an urban legend
I want somebody who has had a spider on their face
Wait, we got a good one in the back row or something?
Well, we know as he's shouting back row
He's a liberal
You sir in the tie?
Oh shit, lucky
Have you got a personal spider story?
Get the fuck up here
Alright
Personal spider stories
Awkawala's hepimedia
From the land, so the Antipodes
It's a...
It's a nankawala, sorry
Hello, what's your name?
Josh
Josh, hello Josh, welcome to the stage
Thank you, thank you, it's good to be here
I like that hat, mate
I like your hat too, mate
Thank you
True blue
Hanky dinkum
Alright, so spider stories
Lay it on us, Josh
Spider story, I used to live out...
And you went Ipswich
Ipswich
Alright, it's not that bad, alright
It's just the people
And...
Oy-ey
Jesus
This guy's just being hazed for saying where he's from
Are the Ipswichians inferior to them?
And if so...
Well then why bully him?
Just feel sorry for him if you really believe that
I think you protest too much
I think the Ipswichians may be superior
Or you wouldn't be so defensive
Yeah, I've been here five minutes
And I know lies
Anybody else here from Ipswich by applause?
Why, Josh, I'll let you answer
Why does the whole crowd bristle at the name Ipswich?
I have to be very careful
Because my grandmother still lives in Ipswich
She doesn't listen to this
Yeah, true
It's just a little...
Yeah, Paulin Hansen is...
Oh, Paulin Hansen
It's a little bit backwards
She's from Ipswich
Yeah
It's a throwback
And now she's trying to force her fucked up Ipswich views
On the entire continent
From Billabong to Struthnick
So it's just...
Yeah, it's not great
But do you live here now or no?
I live in Brisbane, yeah
Alright, so you've moved?
I've moved
You've gotten out of Ipswich
Are you embarrassed to be from there?
Are you proud of your Ipswich heritage?
It's a really great talking point at a party
But not here, because you're gonna...
Not here
You're gonna get your ass handed to you
I'm sorry after the show
These folks do not like that hat, mate
That hat ain't good, mate
Alright, so lay your spider story on us
It is a spider story
It's not a poisonous spider
But it's a huntsman
It's alright, it's okay
It's alright
It can be a giant, scary, not poisonous spider story
Maybe this is a scarier story
Than just your friend's toe falling off
I am...
So, living in Ipswich
Hey, everybody, call the fuck out
There will be walkabouts enforced
You will be sent...
That's like a timeout, right?
Exactly
You will be sent on walkabout
If you don't...
Oh, shit
If you don't cool it
The crowd is about to mutiny, I have no idea
You have a lot of events in there
Well, these are things you can think about on walkabout
Alright, Josh
Josh, you have the conch right now
Lay it down
So, we had a pool
And I wore Dick Tox
Dick...
DT's
Budgie Smugglers
Dick, wait, Dick Tox?
Speedo
Dick Tox?
Dick Tox
You know Dick Tox
Banana hammock
You know, a fucking...
A banana hammock
A budgie smuggler
A marble bag
A Cleveland reach around
A...
I don't want Pauline Hansen down there
Alright, so you're wearing your little snuggles
No, I'm not wearing one though
You're not wearing them
I'm about to wear them
You're about to...
Oh, dear
I've taken them off the clothesline
And I've put them on
And right about here
I felt a very intense pain
Because a huntsman spider has freaked out
And bitten between my arse
And my testicles
Which is...
The taint
I say taint
It's a taint
That's worldwide, baby
So you...
So as it stands
You have your...
Your...
Your balltogs
What do you call them?
Dick Tox
Dick Tox on
A huntsman spider has latched onto your taint
Yes
What sort...
Can you describe the sensation of that?
Like, can you put the...
I was about nine at the time
And I remember screaming in intense pain
And then for the next hour and a half
My mum had to hold the cold back to my area
You couldn't hold it yourself?
Well, I was nine and I was very scared
Was the...
Was the huntsman destroyed by the pudding
On of the dick tongs?
I thought it ran away
And then proceeded to be horrified
It might come back
But my dad said he killed it
Oh, he was...
He lied
I think he was blatantly lying to me
I saw a video on the internet
Was that a huntsman that was like
Crawling up the side of a fridge with a mouse in its mouth?
They're about...
They're massive
So they're huge
Wait, wait, yeah
Bigger than a...
They can...
The size of a grown man's hand
Yeah, the grown man's hand
More like your hand
Not mine
You're putting on your dick tongs
And you don't see a fucking hubcap place there
I was excited
You couldn't wait to...
I was gonna get in the pool
Play some Maca Apollo
As far as...
As far as that spider was concerned
Oh, look, a lovely little hammock for me to ride
I said, oh shit, a guy's gonna sit on me
What is he doing in there?
Did he think flies would be in there?
Were there flies in there?
I don't know
Probably
You had sticky balls when you were nine
Ah, shit
Ah, hip switch sucks
You're just going for the easier pull
I'm sorry
So you and your mother are having an intimate encounter
Where she's holding an ice pack to your balls
Tane
The end?
All's well that ends well
Yeah
It didn't necrotize
Well, I didn't go on...
I now don't swim anymore in pools
So I don't know if that's a...
So that's put you off swimming at all, like forever
Well, I still swim
Oh, but not in pools
Not really in pools
You could just...
Why do you blame the pool?
That's such a weird connection to make
Well, there's less pools than there are spiders
So I just, you know...
What about the shorts?
Where do you...
Hedge my bets
Like the shorts are what you should associate with the...
Right
The dick toss
I'm going to not...
I'm not going to...
I'm not going to trauma-splain to you
Sorry
You can experience trauma however you want
And cope with it
But I think pools didn't really do anything in this story
If anything, if you had jumped into the pool
Soon enough, the spider would have drowned
Yeah, that's true
I don't know why
I've told the story on the Hammer Time before
When a spider fell into my ear one night
And I thought there was a marching band inside my brain
I found out that what you do is you just pour alcohol in there
And get it fucked up and it falls asleep
Instead, I just kept hitting myself in the head like a moron
And then at one point I just wanted to jab a pencil into my ear
And just kill myself so that the noise would stop
Yeah, no
And so now, I mean, I'm a live and let live sort of fellow
But if I see a spider, sorry fellow
But they kill all the flies
Yeah, but fuck them, flies don't go into my ear at night
I had three nights in a row where each night
I was woken to a spider on my face
What?
No joke, each night, I caught the first one
It was crawling up and I was like, not gone
Second night, I woke up, it was on the face
Third night, it was trying to get on my mouth
That's when I pulled the bed apart
And threw the bug bomb around the room
Jesus Christ, I got to get out of here
This is fucking it, this is my worst nightmare
Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan
Don't move
It's not even funny
Move, Dan
You just, you get some long grass and you walk out behind them
And you tickle them all night
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Hey, did you guys know, you guys know the typewriter was invented here?
But Wi-Fi was, Wi-Fi was invented here, I'm told
Is that true?
I don't know
Nobody here agrees on shit, you guys, it's so divided
It's a big continent and there's a lot of them
They're probably all, these are the first time they've seen each other
There's probably different factions and things
Every street is a boundary
Every postcode has another crew in it
I read about the boundary streets
The, the, the, so, so, so, okay
I mean, are all crowds here this fucking awesomely loud and
Fucking night
It's Australia, everyone
I love it, I fucking love it
We're all going out to a bar after this, right?
We're all going to go
Alright, so
I sat in one bar since 9 a.m. until like fucking 5
That's the best
Yeah, we got, but their bars don't open until 10
It was, that was, they don't serve until 10
I had a coffee and an avocado mash and then I drank myself
Smashed avocado
Smash, smash
Alright, I forgot both your names
Josh and Echo
You forgot Echo?
Yeah
The guy who describes himself as what the sound makes when you throw shit down the Grand Canyon
Well, let's have a hand for Josh and Echo
Josh and Echo
Josh and Echo, you can catch their new animated children's cartoon on Nick and Knight
These ventures of Josh and Echo
Spencer, how's your, how's your Australia been?
Oh, fine
I mean, I don't know
Anytime we travel, I'm like, what am I supposed to say, that I hate it?
Like, it's not going to go over well
Well, you could probably, they'd probably be willing
Let's just talk about all the other places I went that I hated
Canada, fuck it
You don't like Canada?
New York City, forget about it
Florida, drown that entire state
I agree with that one
Like, just fuck all of it
No, Australia's fine, I don't know, I don't want to get all into it
I feel like all this material is just like hack at this point, right? I don't know
The O sound weird, you've been doing all this accent shit
I still don't know how to say a fucking O in Australian
As far as I can tell, it's like an A-R-O sound
Like, like narrow, kind of, except like narrow
But I can't do it, that's the problem
I don't know, what else? Also just, I mean, you've already, this is well-tron-ground
Even on this show, but just the fucking bugs
I mean, there's a lot of things, there's a lot of animals that can kill you anywhere you go
You can get stepped on by an elephant, you can get murdered by a lion
But those are beasts, right?
These are beasts, fearsome creatures
But in Australia, there's literally monsters
Like, I don't, there's things that'll kill you in all the places
Like polar bears, holy shit
But that's not a monster, that's a beast
Like, if you have to use weapons to kill an insect, that's a fucking monster
Like, that's in an RPG
Giant monstrous insects that you have to kill with weapons
Are like the lowest level monster that exists
I'm sure there's probably fucking slime blobs here too, right?
You already talking about Pauline Henson?
I'm killing, I'm killing!
I'm Australia's favorite comedian
I know nothing about anything
Alright, Spencer, you're walking down the streets of Australia
And you see a beast
It's just a spider, it's a spider
They're very common, they're terrifying the common
Alright, that was it, I thought it was going to be more mythological than that
Well, you gotta give me more than that, you see a creature? What the fuck?
Alright, I, I, I, I
This guy just said rock and roll, assumedly
They're excited, it's a big night out
No, they're excited, that much is clear
What do you want, Spencer? Do you want the name of a creature?
I don't know, whatever you guys want
This is the excitement I was alluding to
I feel like I heard the word wombat, strumpet
Oh, drop bear, they're talking about drop bears
Drop bears
Yeah, are there any drop bears in the house?
Yeah!
Alright
You hear a strange whistling sound from above
You look up in a brown blur, you're crushed
It's a drop bear, right? I don't know what a drop bear is
I mean, I don't care what a drop bear is
I just don't know
Drop bear?
Drop bear, yeah
Oh, a koala is a drop bear? Do they like fall on your cars and stuff here?
Oh, a fucking drop bear ruined my windshield, Mike?
They're like coconuts in Los Angeles, koalas
They'll just fall on your car and you'll get chlamydia all over your windshield
An insurance won't cover them, because they're fucking liberals
Do we have a koala expert, like somebody like a naturalist out there who knows about it
Are they all suffering from chlamydia?
Did they drop dead?
They can't stand it
You work with koalas a lot?
Alright, get up here, we have to talk to you
You want to come up and explain?
I was going to say I'm not getting a heavy scientist vibe from the crowd
But I guess we have a zoologist here
Alright, approaching the stage is a man who has handled koalas
What's your name, sir?
Darcy?
Alright
Darcy
Oh, Darcy
It's a hot day
I'm Hamo
Darcy, alright, so you work with what zoo?
Teronga Zoo
Teronga
Yeah, it's in Sydney
I like that zoo, mate
Yeah, it's a good zoo, mate
Okay, that's good, you did it up at the end
But you could use a little work on the s at the e
I'll work on it
Repeat a bit, Kath in Kim was a masterpiece
Kath in Kim was a masterpiece
Masterpiece?
Up at the end?
Alright, so...
What the fuck is happening?
I'm coaching, I'm doing dialogue coaching
You're doing great, Dan
I'm learning how to be Australian
You just give my ears chlamydia
Alright, so what are we...
I got it from the koalas
Alright, so what's the deal with koala chlamydia?
Yeah, go
I mean, that's not the most interesting thing about koalas
What's the most interesting thing about koalas?
Their primary food source makes them high
Oh, so does mine
Which strangely is eucalyptus leaves
Kris Boruffuf, our technical director and live director
He said that baby koalas have to eat koala shit
Yeah!
We did it!
Wait, they have to or they like to?
No, they have to and they like to
Is that correct?
And kangaroos
They can't get enough of it
Well, it's probably because I think elephants and stuff
They eat each other's shit too
Because it's like they digest cellulose maybe
And there's probably like a lot of plant in their shit
And then they just eat it again
I mean, maybe
It's like the really bad version of like the baby bird
Getting brought from the mother
Except you get shafted
They said bacteria
So there's bacteria from the mother
That helps them digest
Oh, right
Because they're marsupials
Alright, so this might have been kind of a dud
Wait, do you know anything about Doritos?
I have all these Dorito issues
What's the Dorito issue?
Could you explain the difference between the yellow bag and the orange bag?
Yes, because one says nacho cheese
But the other says cheese supreme
We have different ones
I think they might be labeled differently
So let's start with cheese supreme
So obviously that's the bad
That's standard, right?
That's the good one?
No, no, the standard
Like the one that they started with was nacho cheese
Right
And then they amped it up with cheese supreme
But what's the difference?
Because I had a nacho cheese
And I would say it sounded like
Or it tasted like cool ranch
Or is I think it's called cool american?
Oh, they call it cool ranch here
The blue one
You've got a whole different color
That's how it tasted though
It tasted like it, mate
That sounded really insulting when I said it
Listen here, mate
You don't be throwing different colors at me
We're talking red and yellow
You're talking blue
I'm talking true blue
True blue, Struth?
Okay, so you do have the cool ranch
But the nacho cheese just tastes half like cool ranch
And half like cheese
It's actually Mexican
I would say that the nacho cheese tasted
More like ranch than nacho cheese
And the cheese supreme tasted like nacho cheesier
Is what we call it
We don't really have ranch over here
So that's a whole new flavor
But you have the blue bin
We're talking about it
We have it
It's just that Australians are kind of stupid
When it comes to ranch
They don't know what it is
Well, ranch is terrible
I would never eat ranch willingly
The sauce, not the chip
And that's why you go cheese supreme, mate
Right, yeah, nacho cheesier
But if it's cheesier
Then why isn't it more nacho a year?
That's what I don't get
It's like the cheesier is less nacho-y
Than the nacho cheese
Well, I guess that does make sense
They had to sacrifice the spicy for the cheese
Right
We got both in America, baby
It's a Venn diagram
So the more cheese you get
The less nacho you have
Right
So ours is the best of both worlds
We really win
Is it true?
Well, in America
I don't know if you know this
But an adult has to eat cool ranch
And then shit in a baby's mouth
Because there's a bacteria that only Americans have
That helps the baby digest the nacho cheese
But you guys don't do that here, apparently
No, no, we do that with shrimp
Oh, shit
Right
It's
Oh, shit
It's prawn in Queensland, for God's sake
Even I know that
Who was it?
Darcy?
Darcy
Let's have a hand for Darcy
Koala Expert
Koala Expert Darcy
All of its Dorino expertise as well
I feel like
We engineered something
We've got a crowd of a particular personality
They have a dynamic
I'm going to call that personality prison riot
It's fine, it's fine
Fuck it
Please don't kill us
I think there's a way to use that energy
Better than like
We don't have to do an NPR podcast
Naked dodgeball
But let's try
I'm going to try this
Just to see if this works
I'm going to do a little one man
Improv
And I'm going to
When you see me pause
And go like this
That means I'm going to get a suggestion from you
Okay
So
I think this will work
Because you guys like yelling stuff out
Oh, here I'm going in the door
Oh, look, it's a
Yeah, this is great
It's a thing
That's good, that's great
A koala pen
Oh, look, it's a dildo tire
I'll just put that on my car
So that I can
There's a police officer
Is that a dildo on your tire?
Yes, I'm using it to fuck traffic
So I can drive better
On the thing
Forgive me, understand what I do for a living
It's very important I get to work
What do you do for a living, sir?
I'm a peanut allergist
Alright, on you go
There are children's lives on the line
Dildo car, dildo car, driving to my work
That's a copyright, right?
Here I am at the Peanut Allergies Science Research Center
I better go talk to my boss
Hello, I'm reporting for duty
Are there any emergencies I should know about?
This is non-standard procedure for your day to day
You have reports and emails to deal with
What are you doing?
I got pulled over by the police
Oh, right, of course
I just want to do my best to try to keep kids from dying of peanut allergies
Oh shit, there's a drone strike happening
Hello?
Hello, can I speak to Dan Harmon?
Is this the police?
Yes
Okay, here he is
Sir, we found your car and there's a...
Goana!
There's a goana on it
Oh no, that's like three bananas
In one
Yes, sir, you have three bananas in your car
Well, why is that a...
It's being impounded
Alright, well, I'll come down to the impound lot right away
And since I shouldn't use my now street illegal car
I'm going to use my...
My Yosaharma
My...
9-11
My 9-11
I'm going to use my 9-11
I'll put one fallen tower on each foot
And use them as stilts to
Stride across the down under
Oh no, god damn it, I thought for sure I had picked a legal way to drive
Sir, are you trying to drive down the street in a culturally insensitive fashion?
Well, I won't tell you I'm on walkabout
Apparently, that's even worse
What are you from Ipswich?
Yes, my name is Pauline Henson
I'm a liberal
And I'm riddled with chlamydia
Right now
If you could please, I need to get to the impound lot
Here, I'll loan you my...
I heard diktop
I'll loan you my piss flaps
These are heirloom piss flaps
These piss flaps were handed down by my great grandmother
From her great grandmother
From her great great grandmother
Sir, I appreciate it, thank you for giving me your piss flaps
I thank you, I will honor and cherish you
Use them wisely, but three words of warning
Don't use the piss flaps after midnight
Don't feed the piss flaps
And strangely, don't get them wet
Alright, thank you
I'm putting them on
Ah, fuck, there's a huntsman
Ah, huntsman tape
Oh, classic, classic
Alright, well, we tried using them to yell out things that way
Yeah, we did it, that was a little improv experiment
I thought that worked out pretty nicely
Good job, you guys did really good
You like yelling stuff out
Maybe we should go meet individuals
Maybe if they're meeting them as individuals
Then they're yelling things out
You don't think the insane mob rule thing is working right now?
I just want them to be, you know, just want to adapt and be happy
When you suggested that, I heard someone audibly gasp
Yeah, because maybe they...
Alright, well, you got kind of derailed earlier
You had a friend who lost their toe
And then we went to the back row guy
Because he yelled out back row, what's your name?
Hi, I'm Louise
Louise? Okay, how do you know when you're finished?
Alright, work in the crowd, I'm working the crowd
Alright
Ipswitch
Alright, what's your name, young lady?
Mel
Mel?
More like, more like, more like Mel
Alright, well, I'm in the back, Jeff
Dan, what can you tell us on the back row right now?
Oh, everyone's real handsome back here
And the audio is just a slight delay
So I'm confusing myself by talking
You know, when I was like, children's exhibits
At a discovery museum where you talk into the phone
And it's on a little bit of a delay
That's interesting, that's why all the chairs are pointing this way
And this is where the stage is
Oh, you don't think I could do the show from back here?
I'd like to see you try it
I dare you, Dan, to go out to that back door
Oh, thank you
You're getting a drink? What's happening?
She gave me a sticker that says, you're awesome
Wow
Dan, walk out one of those back doors
And there's a staircase, you can go up into the balcony
Up there with the balcony people
Okay
You really think this wireless mic's gonna...
Hey, Jeff, do we got...
Oh, is it Rio?
Rio, do we have lights for the balcony or no?
Are there house lights up there?
Oh, there we are
Fuck yeah
Okay
I think I'm...
Can you still hear me, Jeff?
Yeah, you sound great, Dan
Okay
You're doing great
I like this staircase, mate
This is...
Our show has completely gone to its up
Oh, my God
There's just a bunch of people up there
They're gonna kick my ass
They don't even have chairs, most of them
They look hungry for human flesh
How are you guys enjoying the show?
Now, everybody just call yourselves collectively
Now, Dan...
The balcony people, they say
The balcony people right now
What Dan hasn't told you
In one of Dan's pockets is $100 American
In another pocket, Huntsman Spider
Well, no, see, they're not lethal
You tried to...
Yes, sir
You're Australian, you don't say cunt
I have to...
He has to say cunt more
I don't know if you can hear me, Jeff
But I've just been told I need to say cunt more
In order to sound Australia
Dan, you're a great cunt
You should say cunt as much as possible
There's some street humor going on up here
His friend next to him said I'm not a cunt
Because I don't taste good or something
All right
Oh, thank you, sir
What's your name?
Elliot
Elliot's back here
Phone home, you know what I'm saying?
He gave me a drink
That's the 80s reference that nobody knows
What do you think, Jeff, if you give me a beat
Do you think I'll be...
Even though it's on a delay
It might be hard for me to...
Spencer's got a beat for us
We're going to lay a Spencer beat down
Are you going to do some balcony rapping?
What kind of vodka is this?
I know that...
I tried the butter vodka here, the triple six
What is this?
They have butter-flavored vodka
What is it?
No...
Okay
It's just the well
Well, vodka
Dan, you ready for a beat?
Yeah
Now, it might be off, but it'll be because...
There's a delay
Oh, yeah
It won't be because I'm bad at rapping
Is that working?
I don't think it's coming through right
Take the case off
There is no case
Yeah, it's not a block in it
There it is
Yeah
Elect a hot mate
It's true
True blue
Fair dinkum
Fuck your mama in the kitchen sinkum
Fuck your mama down under
Fuck your mama with the lightning and the thunder
Am I off beat?
I can't tell
I'm going to come back down the stairs
Elect a hot mate
Fuck your mama for a pair of roller skites
Fuck your mama all the way to Brisbane
I fucked your mama and fucked her up once again
I fucked your mama
I fucked her in Sydney
I fucked your mama so hard
Shut down her kidneys
I fucked your mama across the outback
I fucked your mama and she's a throwback
To a time when her beds were burning
I fucked your mama so hard
She stopped learning
A disability is what I gave her
I fucked your mama in the fur
Ew
That was gross but
Fucked your mama real good
Fucked your mama like you should
Fucked your mama in Australia
I fucked your mama
I could live to tell the tale of ya
Yo
Fucked your mama in Tasmania
I fucked your mama in Hulkamania
Fucked the iron chic
I fucked your mama every day
Of the motherfucking week
Huntsman spider
Fangs go deep
I fucked your mama
I fucked her chic
I fucked your mama in Queensland
I gotta learn more Australian states
Before we go to the next one
New South Wales
South Wales
Yeah
Sales
Jewelry
Do they have those?
Australian rap
Australian
I like that cat
Australian rap
I got the Aussie stuff
And the big flapjack
The cargo shorts
And the funny hat
The clever girl
Is that your guys favorite character?
The clever girl guy from Jurassic Park
Alright Jeff, I'm out of breath
You know, they say that
The water spins a different way down the drain
In the northern hemisphere in the southern
Dan is just as good at rapping down here
As he is up there
That guy gave me vodka
But it's like, I have Top Shelf vodka
Down on stage, but...
And then he, yeah
You okay?
No, okay, I'm 43
And I eat bacon every meal
And I just walked
More than I've ever walked in my life
My watch was beeping
My Apple watch was going like
You've met every goal ever
Now breathe, breathe
You have 20 emails
Jesus Christ, Jeff
I gotta work out
I gotta get fucking better
I gotta get better in shape
I was just gonna say
You get click cookies
Click cookies?
Yeah, while you're ellipticking
Yeah
Anybody cookie collecting?
In Australia?
Cookie collector too?
Okay, good, all right
I'm gonna fucking die, Jeff
I'm gonna die on stage in Brisbane, Australia
It's all right
It'll be like a special moment for all of us
The Australian military
Invented Wi-Fi
You're welcome
Thank you
Now
It was all women?
Yeah, I'm sure there's a woman in front of us
Yeah, a woman did it
What did you say there?
A woman that did it
Yeah
Let's all break up into small discussion groups
She's gonna explain Wi-Fi to us
We're gonna pass our microphones
We can all do our own podcasts
All right
I love how communal
And fucking nuts this place
You're at like a weird family dinner
Where everybody is a sibling
That maybe hates the other people
I think, Jeff
We're going to Melbourne tomorrow
And they hate Sydney and Sydney hates Melbourne
And everybody hates you guys
It's all fucking...
We haven't heard anybody say they hate Brisbane yet
Except like...
This is our first stop
When you had your little hat on
I wanted to call you what I've heard
People call this place
I want to call you big country
It's a big country town
That guy's mad that it wasn't an insults
Ah, okay
And...
Fuck yourself
Jeff, I think that
I have a new, now another experiment
To do with the audience
I love this, this has never been done before
Now that you've regained your breath
I think that you and I
Should do a little scene
But we should have one of the
Brisbaneites
Provide that this has never been done before
If they were to provide
Some form of sound effects
Using their mouth and the microphone alone
While we do an improv scene
So we do a scene and we make them do the noises
That would be required in the scene
So we collaborate together
In a scene
That is constructed in front of their very eyes
Alright, how about Madam here
Who knows about science and knows about stuff
Would you come up and help us out?
Kate, kite, kite
I like your kite Mike
Alright, kite
Thanks dude
Okay, so you're gonna
Jeff and I are gonna do a little scene
And it's gonna take place in
In Australia
Alright
In a brothel
In Australian brothel
Australian brothel
Okay
So you're gonna do all the sound effects
I'm gonna open a door
Alright
I'm going to
Punch
A duck
Perfect
Kate is on the fucking scene everybody
That is the sound that makes when you punch a duck
Alright, I thought the door opening could use a little
Okay
Alright, and here we go
Australian brothel
Hello
Good morning sir, good morning
I was about to ring the little bell on your desk
If you'd like to ring the bell, go ahead
It's actually customary
For the customers to ring the bell
I'm just the footman
Ding ding
Steve
Can I help you? Yes, I would like
The services of a prostitute please
Well, let me
Go into
My computer, let me just start it up
The computer's been turned off, I'll start my computer up
Ding dong ding ding
Oh, you're using Windows
Yes, I have an old
School modem
Let me start the internet
God, I thought Wi-Fi was invented
Down here
I wonder if I have any
Male
I have one male
Would you like a male prostitute
Or a female prostitute
I have one male
No cisgender, heteronormative
Binary
Prejudices for me
Ah, you would like our potpourri prostitutes
Give me the grab bag
I'll take whatever, whoever you recommend
Alright, I will use my
Some people go when they go hunting
They call it dock or they call it bowl
We actually
Very old fashioned here
In our Australian brothel
I have a prostitute call
That calls all of our possibly
Transgendered LGBT
Who knows what prostitutes
Let me just blow on that right now
Oi, get out of here
Is that
Yeah, bush pig
Was that
Was that Paul Hogan
That's not a prostitute
I said get out of here
Oh, oh, oh
Here, he or she comes right now
You can hear the high heels
Coming down the wooden staircase
Oh, they fell down
Sorry, she died
I'm going to have to call
I'm going to have to call somebody else
With my different prostitute call
Hey, big tits
It's time for you
Ah, you are very
Luxor
You got big tits
Big tits
Come out
You can hear her getting ready upstairs
She's got the hair down
She's got the hair dryer on
She's got the
She's also got the shaver
She's shaving her private areas
Oh
She's doing it
She's doing it dundee style
She's very ambidextrous
I can't wait to be here
Walk with me, sir
We'll walk you upstairs to big tits room
Let's go up the stairs
These stairs are very old
They're very haunted
by the ghosts of old prostitutes
Where's that cream
for the thrush
That's a yeast infection
Did you
It's ghost inside human
Ah, here we are
I will leave you to it
Big tits will be right into service
I feel like I want to freshen up
I'll use some of this
mouth freshener
Sir, if you're going to waste
our mouth freshener
that's going to cost you extra
Well, here I have a lot
of Australian coins here
that are worth any number of money
Thank you sir
Just ring the bell
Big tits will be right out
You'll notice that when
the bell rings it has an enchanting sound
and I hope you enjoy it
because it's the only bell in the house
that plays a Lady Gaga song
when you ring the bell
Poke Poke Face
Motherfucker
That's Lady Gaga
as far as I
didn't know it
That's about what I would have done
Alright, well good
Bye, I can't wait to meet this
One more thing
before you go in
I'd like to give you one thing
These are my great-great-grandmothers piss flaps
I want you to have these
Don't get them wet, don't see them
Don't use them after midnight
Oh God
Okay, that was the piss flaps
Alright, I think
I'm supposed to just stand here
I already rang the bell
Hello
Big tits
Can't you tell?
Hub it up, hub it up
I can hear them
when you fuck
Yes, two of them
just fell off
which is why I keep two
on the back and reserve
Whoa
I've swung them right back in front
I'm like a shark's teeth
they just keep reforming right in front
Also, I have a transformer
in my vagina
Well, I'm just going to
put on my piss flaps
Oh, yes
There's a little bit of foley work in there
Now, as this is
an Australian brothel
there is a couple traditions that we
do before we start
First, I sing
in high falsetto
Waltzing Matilda
as I get undressed
and all of my clothing
is made of metal
You're supposed to be singing, I'm just doing the music
That's a good point
Why would you even
You said you were going to sing
Listen, I'm glad you came up here
I've been trying to get out of this brothel for a long time
There's only one way out of here
My jet pack
Jesus
Shit, it just flew off without us
We're trapped here
Fucking
Ipswich jet packs
Listen to me
I'm here to save you
I've been undercover the whole time
I have a grappling gun
I'm from the Australian version of the CIA
The AIC?
ISIS
You're from ISIS?
Everything's backwards down here
ISIS is the CIA
Liberals are labor
Men wear piss flaps
Gath and Kim was a hit
All right
Grappling gun
That's a machine gun sir
I'm shooting a hole
in the ceiling now
Grappling gun
Pretend you're not here, that's the door
Yes
What's happening in there?
I'm the footman again
Nothing, just having a great time with the sacks
Okay, that's fine
I'll go back to playing my accordion
Fucking piece of shit accordion
You shot a hole in the window now
Now, I'm going to use the grappling gun for real
When I pull the trigger
it's going to make a grappling gun sound
and it's going to shoot up
and then latch onto the edge of the hole
that I made with the machine gun
and then I'm going to press a button on the side of the gun
that's going to winch us both up
to the thing
Can I bring my violin?
Yes
Here we go
Kate everybody
Jesus Christ
She knows
I'm pretty sweaty
Thank you
I had Kate in my hand and went right into her armpit
Right up in the armpit
They call that a
Yes, at least it wasn't your pistol
Thank you Kate
What I like about
When we leave Brisbane tomorrow
I'm going to look back on this
The one thing I love about this town is everybody is so shy
Once they came out of their shells
we really started having a good time
She knows everything about the internet
but then she's like Michael Winslow too
She's a great
You know, those don't usually go together
She also just took the spoon out of the ice
and was making woodpecker
She really knew what she was doing
I travel with Ryan Stiles
Ryan Stiles is not as funny as Kate
Kate, what do you do for a living?
What's your game?
I'm a media officer at a university
so I tell good research stories
You're a media officer at a university
and you tell good
research stories
Kate, sit the fuck down
I'm kidding, of course Kate
Did you hear on the interwebs
about the Crown of Thorns killing starfish?
Oh, I love this joke
The Crown of Thorns
The Crown of Thorns style killing one
My university built a robot to kill Crown of Thorns
because they're eating the Great Barrier Reef
I got that story out
You got it out
I didn't do the research
I've seen the time lapse
underwater footage of the Crown of Thorns
You've eaten every goddamn thing up
You made a
You didn't make
Our roboticists did
So they built a robot to kill them
Just a robot that kills all the starfish?
You have a starfish killing robot?
Yes, we do technically
but no, we're changing it into
from the Cots bot, the Crown of Thorns killing robot
to the Ranger bot
which will be a multi-purpose multi-function
all... see it?
No, not killing machine
It's a monitoring tool
Fucking amazing
You don't think the singularity is going to happen there?
You have 10 seconds to comply, starfish
You modified
So it killed all the Crown of Thorns starfish
and then you're like, well, let's just
let's just give it
sentience
You know what, fucking...
Octopus has been bumming me out for a while
Let's kill those motherfuckers too
They have a brain, we can't do that
What does the business end
of a starfish killing robot look like?
Are you looking it up right now?
What?
Are you looking up right now?
I'm looking at my notes
That's the show
It's a mid-long
yellow penis shaped
thing with a couple of sidebars
and a keel on top
That's the only way I can finish
That's the only way I can fish
I hate when the audience is
funnier than us
So you're a starfish
killing robot has a big yellowish
penis looking thing on it?
No, no, it is
It's a phallic kind of meter long tube
submarine
Well, it's got a world's
first injection system
that's...
What's the air pressure one?
That's the oldest come on I've ever heard of
Hey, there it is, you want to meet me?
The oldest injection system?
It's a pneumatic injection system
and it injects the starfish with bile salts
Bile salts?
They get it from an ox, but
the starfish don't like it because they don't have
that kind of protein in their body, so they melt
But does it knock them dead?
Yeah, it melts them in about 24 hours
That sounds fucking excretiating
Isn't there a more humane way to kill this?
They're fucking starfish
Who is the Great Barrier Reef?
So
You work for a corporation
that sends out a giant dick
that melts starfish
It's public money, it's a university
Good on ya
That was very Australian
Australian engineering, invented the internet
and killer robot
starfish dicks
And written on the side of it, it says, how's the serenity?
How's the serenity?
We did our research
So much serenity
How's the serenity?
They fucking melt starfish by injecting them with
poison
You could inject them with anything, really, right?
If you inject someone with milk, you'd kill them
I don't know
You could just put, like, air
You could probably inject them with air
Fuck them right up
And I'm not going to
but if I stuck a huge robot dick into you
and just pumped air into you
you'd die, I think
But I think these starfish, they're more robust
They're a more robust enemy
They're like barnacles or liberals
Give me a ballad
Let's do a song, like, not a rap
Perfect
Oh, it doesn't do that
What was that?
Thank you, sir
I like your hair, mate
Alright, what do you want, Dan?
Just give me, like, you know
something that's more emotional
Okay
Let's see what we got here
Are you in an emotional mood right now?
Yeah, I don't know why
I already did the rap and I almost died of a heart attack
Right
I'm still trying to, I don't know if you...
I'm pouring sweat
Oh, we are strong up here
Yeah
Brisbane
Oh, boy
Oh, Brisbane
I'm gonna fuck you
All night long
To the bill of bone
To the knickknocked oak
To the break of dawn
Oh, Brisbane
I-S-B-A-N-E
I assume
I assume that's how you spell it
Oh, I like your hotels
They have
New carpeting
And the shower
The water pressure
Could be better, but
It was still nice
A little tiny bar of soap
And a disposable toothbrush
From the airline
That's probably not to your credit
But I used it here
And had a good time
To the break of dawn
B-R-I-S-B-A-N-E
I like your hat, mate
Yo
Two times
I told your mama this
I need my piss guards to take a piss
I put them on
Took her to the room
And I climbed inside her womb
I became a baby
That day
And got born in a whole new way
I'm an Australian now
I see the world clearer
I fucked your mama like a kangaroo
That came nearer than I wanted to
When it sees reflections
I fucked your mama so hard
With my Australian erection
A Tasmanian day
In a true blue way
Truth
I fucked your mama
True blue, fair dinkum
Alright
When did this become a rap?
You said you were feeling emotional
Yeah, yeah, sorry
Yo, yo
Everywhere I go
I see the ocean
Because Australia is a big giant island
If you walk very far
In any direction
You'll see a bunch of water
That's all I know about Australia
I imagine surfing
Is very popular here
I think I've seen that in movies
They like to surf
But
Here's the thing
The track ran out
I was about to get to the 9-11 part
Alright
So
Let's bring it down a notch
From a dead stop?
We've had some fun
I want to know who in the audience
Has had a real difficult time
We want to help somebody
The whole
Well, then if it's everyone
Then who's had the worst time ever
And I don't mean like want your money back
We'll talk to you after the show
If that's the case
You've been a good sport
And I see that you are
Using a chair
Instead of a regular chair
Is that part of your difficult time?
But you're about to get out of it
So already there's a triumph here
You look like you're
Okay, well, miracles
Okay, do you need help
Coming up here?
Because God knows I did
What's your name?
Louise
Louise, welcome to the stage
A hand for Louise
I don't think I've ever seen that kind of
It's a chair with wheels
But it's not a classic wheelchair
It's kind of a casual wheelchair
All right, Louise
Do you need help?
The closer you
It's a great song
It's so good
Was that Jean Wilkinson?
He's married, do you mind?
No, she loves it
Is that him in there in the front?
He is, yes
The cane handler?
Do you love him?
How long have you guys been married?
We've been together 16 years
And we've been married for
8 years
16 years
I haven't done anything for 16 years
I can't sit down on a regular chair
It'll be all right for a bit
You can stand
I'm going to sit
If that's okay
It's all right
Can I ask
You're sitting in a chair
That has wheels on it
It's a wheelie walker
A wheelchair and a walker
At the same time
You can get up out of it and use it as a walker
Yes
Why do you need it?
I actually have what you have
It's much, much worse
Alcoholism?
No
That's the one thing
Body odor?
It's like
It's like an advanced form of back pain
Oh
How do you know about my back pain?
It's not a huge fucking fan
It's like
I'm like a sanctioned stalker
I'm a sanctioned stalker
Is it like a degenerative
Spinal thing?
I had a bicycle accident
When I was six
I smashed my two front teeth
It impacted my spine
But they didn't know
I'm three months older than you Dan
Believe it or not
So it's a while ago
True blue
Did you know the invented weird reactions here?
Jeff?
That was weird
Can I hit pause?
I didn't know
You said you're three months older and things got weird
I don't know what that was about either
What was that one about?
A stalky vibe?
Oh, how dare you
Self-confessed stalker
I've been a shut in
for about
18 months
So Harmontown's been a big part
of keeping me sane
Yeah
Permission to stalk, granted
You've been sanctioned
Yes, thank you
So yeah, I had this accident when I was a kid
and then I didn't realize
that I was having problems for a long time
and then I got a series of
like kind of clusterfucks
over a period and then I had a really
bad stressful time
at a job that I can't talk about
for legal purposes, got really depressed
Do you work for the Starfishfucking robot?
For ISIS
For legal reasons
I can't tell you if I worked for Starfishfuckers
Yeah
But that was my friend
So I
Yeah, I went
things kind of spiraled downhill
and then more stuff happened
and then I went overseas
and four days into my trip away by myself
I bent over and my back
kind of went
and then I've had
So then I came home
Brad had to fly over to meet me
to take me home
and
I was trapped, so I've had periods of time
where I've had like episodes
So I've trapped in a bed for like three weeks at a time
where I can't even get up to go to the toilet
Brad's had to do everything for me
Yeah
So like I'd make up
stupid songs like when I was able to get
on the walker again
I'd sing like to get through the pain
I'd sing songs like it's great, not to poop
in a tray, hooray, hooray, hooray
So that's kind of where
that's where I've been at
So you've been having a hard time
I mean it's like your back's all fucked up
and you've been having a real, real bad
I'm officially disabled now
I just got the disability
Is it permanent? Yeah
Now it's permanent
Well let's let the applause for the
Go ahead
It's fucking hard to get the pension
I can't get a read of this
audience at all
I think they're
I was reading in the accent guide
It's like something to do, it's like
there's a silly, you have to be silly
and playful in tone, they're silly, playful people
They're not rowdy, they're not going to kill us
or anything
You keep believing that, Dan, I am
I am here to kill you, Dan
I was up in the balcony, man
They inject starfish with poison here
A robo dick
They seem like good people
at heart
Everyone's good
So now you get
whip-ass parking now, right?
Is that a thing in Australia?
It's only literally been two days since I
after 18 months of battling with the government
that we finally got the pension
But it's like, I just don't leave the house
Basically this is like a huge fucking deal
for me to come out, I haven't come out
and I'm actually going to Sydney
I already bought my tickets for Sydney
You're going to be in Sydney too?
And then my friends were over
the other night, they were like, do you realize they're playing
in Brisbane? I'm like, what the fuck?
So, yeah, I bought tickets
to come tonight, so I'm going to be
um, yeah, I was
I was like, yeah, so hardcore, I was like
oh, I'm missing out on Melbourne, but that's just great
It's amazing, I...
The Melbourne show's going to suck
No, it's going to be the best
Sorry guys, but the Melbourne show will be
the best, I reckon
Alright, now
I'm officially in love with Brisbane
It's so funny, because it sounds
like a fight's about to break out, but everyone's just having
like a good fucking, a good laugh
at everybody else's expense
That's right, fucking you
too, honey
Is that what it is?
No one really takes anything
that seriously here
I think it's kind of like
if James Franco was a city
That's how I've been feeling about it
It's so weird though, it's like walking on the street
for the last two days, walking on the street, it's eerily quiet
It's very peaceful
There's not loud Americans, except for us
We were in bars and restaurants
and clearly we're the loud people there
but it's just very placid and nice
and people like having a good time
but in here, it's just fucking madness, it's great
Well, let's give Louise a wish
aside from coming to this amazing show
And seeing my friend Kate kick ass on stage
That is so fucking cool
Oh yeah, fucking Kate on sound effects, holy shit
That will not soon be forgotten
But also, is it Brad?
Yeah, Brad, yep, my husband
I think MVP award goes to Brad
for cleaning up your poop forever
He is a god
You should worship him
He's a king amongst nerds
I'm moving to Brisbane, I fucking love it here
He's also like a total renaissance nerd
He's been creating independent comics
for like 20 years
It's kind of awesome
So yeah, what does that do
to a relationship?
I live in terror of that becoming infirm
and how I'll become
like an asshole because I'm a baby
Oh, you will be a fucking asshole
I was a complete cunt
I was not gracious at all
I was saying like
why don't you leave me
and take me out
and shoot me like a fucking dog
because I was just in so much pain
So what gets you across the threshold
other than maybe painkillers
Is there an epiphany you had
that you can impart to me for when I
get a foot ache and don't destroy my life?
Herbal medicine
rather than don't go down the traditional route
like I did, I had surgery and stuff
I don't know
What traditional medicine?
Like Chinese herbal medicine
You could hit me up
There are now booing Chinese medicine
A lot of people would
This stuff
things like turmeric
has been well researched
for its anti-inflammatory properties
So I definitely recommend you take turmeric
That's not even Eastern medicine
That's just nutrition science
But are you saying
you said don't go down the path
I went down
If I wasn't wearing onesie
I'd show you my tramp stamp scar
from the surgery I had
and um
Do you want to see it
Would you wish me to see my meundies?
Yeah sure
Oh shit
Oh they're very nice
They're little donuts
And there's a hole right in the asshole
Dan this is like a dream come true
Thank you, that's what I was hoping
I didn't want it to seem forced
I can see a little peepee poking out of your thing
What do you mean what?
Your dick was coming out of the thing
I think that was a doughnut
My dick was out?
Probably so
There would be like police
You can get
all laws are off in this building right now
Given the impression that
the pain is one directional
that you have a spot that causes the pain
and sends the message to your brain
but pain is more like
an ant colony coming to your house
when a storm comes
and they just all flood in
Is that how ants work?
Yeah they come in the rain
I was trying to think of metaphors
to explain it because you almost need
any medical degree to understand my condition
but it's a central nervous system
pain condition that can be triggered by
anyway
I don't understand what their stance is
or what they're doing
I don't know if they want you to be in more pain
or less pain
I feel like this is the scene
in Mutiny and the Bounty
when they try to kill Captain Blyre
I think what happens
I think what I've realized has happened
in my shut in days
people have become really like
associate herbal medicine
or anything kind of like outside
of the mainstream medicine sphere
like you're either like a flat earth
or an anti-vaxxer
so I think that their reaction might be
is that they're encoding what I'm saying
as somebody who has a
yeah that's it
oh it's probably an action like
she's made out of turmeric
what can I say
I love racist wrangers
that's why I like Donald Trump so much
yeah I don't think she's one of the bad guys
regardless of how she's treating her pain
if you really are that concerned with her
and want to give her painkillers after the show
well I'm actually lucky
I said to my GP
I'm lucky that I'm a constipated pod head
because otherwise I'd probably be dead
because I was able to access that
instead of the opioids which probably would have killed me
I think we have the name of our episode
yeah constipated pod head
but I couldn't take the opioid medication
because it'd make me sit down for too long
in the toilet
let's hear it for Louise everybody
Jesus Christ
well okay
let's
Louise
I mean we started talking about poop in the night
I had to pull the trigger on that
as a fan of the show
yeah we'll send her on her way but as a fan of the show
is there anything that
would you think that we would be able to grant you
as a wish like something you'd like to see
your shoulder underwear
that was my wish
it's a joke, it's a joke, continue
do you mean
generally or tonight?
I think I'm out of show
like 20 minutes ago
yeah I would really
I would also like you to take care of yourself
because I think that you're like
yeah I'd really
I'd really like to see you
and if you want any advice you can hit me up
but yeah
I'd really love to see you take more self-care
because I think you have a beautiful mind
and I would like to see that
in the world for as long as possible
alright
thank you Louise
and poop, more poop
more poop
not gonna happen
that ship has sailed
thank you Louise
I really thought she'd say
you know could you do a reggae song
or something
then she hit me with the old
take care of yourself
my therapist keeps saying that
self-care, self-care
well what like should I drink less
like
yeah see I don't know who to listen to
you can't ask this audience
I guess they're no question
it's really
I don't drink that, it's only when I'm with you guys
that I'm drinking
Dan only drinks when he's alone or with people
I do
I do feel like I'm kind of getting kind of shatnery
when I look in the mirror like I'm starting to pickle
and bloat you know
you're looking like a little bit of a
like a heavy set George Carlin right now
with the hair slicked back
yeah
steeper when, yeah
a stingray is about to come up and stab you
oh fuck off
that's your threshold
Steve Irwin
he's a national hero
I know but I didn't bring it up
this fucking guy did
he got
he used to hang out with crocodiles
he got killed by a fish
also you don't really look like
Steve Irwin I don't even get that
well they just like saying stuff
yeah no I can tell
they're excited
I can tell
they're a jocular people
the brisbaneites
brisbanians
what's that, ficus?
you just yelling out plants
brisbagus
he said brisbagus
like a portmanteau
oh brisbin
the city that sleeps
at least until 10am
brisban on a thursday night
shit is on the hook
the thing is there's only 300 people here
cause we're the only game in town right now
it's not like springsteen's rolling through here later on
what should we do Jeff
we got like 15 left
I think we
we fuck gently off into the night
and take them all out to karaoke with us
I'm afraid to
we're not going to get one answer
but where should we go after the show
I used to say throw it out of the crowd
home
someone said home
we should go home
we're all going to LA
we're all going to the drawing room to do karaoke
we'll find a place
and you'll
sonny's house of blues is thrown out there
oh that's the place with the karaoke right
where should we make it
I say when the show's over we all split up
we'll cover more ground that way
I love you guys so much
I only resent that I'm not out there drinking with you
I'm up here on stage
alright
shut up
what do we do more musical interludes
why don't we all do a rousing version of Pringle Stick together
who by applause knows the words to Pringle Stick
alright for those of you who are not applauding
I'm sorry for what's about to happen
this is a song I improvised on a tour bus
in one go
I was holding a Pringles can
up to my crotch
like it was my dick
and it goes like this
some people call me Pringles dick
but I never really found out why
I don't really have a Pringles dick
I just keep my dick inside
I keep my dick inside a Pringles can
because it keeps my penis safe and dry
some people call me Pringles dick
but I never really found out
oh I never found out
I never really found out why
now we're going to do a land down under
by fucking men at work
let's do Pauline Henson the musical
let's try to make her a sympathetic
character
tell people the untold story
fade in on an apocalyptic wasteland
pan over to a cave
of jagged stalagmites
pushing in
we hear the roars of a bear
giving birth
a single slick
Pauline Henson
plops from a bear's vagina
a ledge badge
but her sign all the same
as Pauline
spreads her gremlin ears
from across her face
and extends her
claw-like hands
in song
I'm Pauline Henson
I'm going to
do some things and then some
I'm a
demon lady from a bear's vagina
I'm going to
South Carolina
after
I destroy
Australia
dissolved to college
oh my god
that politics class was so amazing
I know
I can't believe we're
Australians from the valley
Pauline like
who are you taking to prom
I don't know
because I like that
hat might but
I don't want a huntsman on my tank
Pauline you're so silly
you can have any guy you want
I'm not sure what kind of guy you like
I want a man
who makes cabbage soup
oh my god what an amazing song
uh oh here comes the professor
what's all this then
Pauline what are you singing about boys
in the hallway for
oh professor I'm just trying to
oh you're just trying to get expelled
you can't have any pudding
if you don't eat your meat
no
I'm expelled
three years later
in medical school
suture
you know what forget these sutures
let's just pour nutrition on this wound
Chinese needles
witch hazel
eye of newt
now it's time to become president of Australia
I want to rule
down under
bring the brimstone fire
lightning and thunder
it's the only thing that rhymes with down under
I'm Pauline Henson
and I'm here to say
I like to do rhymes in the laziest way
I am Pauline Henson
a landslide election
has occurred
the Australian Electoral College
has decided
that Pauline Henson
is the president even though she only got six votes
the Queensland
represents
17,000 electoral votes
and so now she's president
I swear to take the duties
with Christ and my eternal soul
to rule all of Australia
with ease and grace
now to go to the Australian White House
I love
I love okay it's not a song
it's just a transition
pencils
drawers
a giant bear claw
shoots out of Pauline's top drawer
grabbing her face and pulling her into
a cosmic world of introspection
what have I done
with my life
yeah
a bear comes out and is kind of
ethnic
well what do you want from me
yeah
Pauline
you need to atone for your sins
no
no no no
yeah
no
alright
the bear reaches out
and puts a single sigil
into her forehead
it's a Tasmanian
ancient outback sigil
it represents
the four elements
fire, water, poison spiders
and flip flops
you don't correct a person's
improv
that's the first
you know what, that's the first thing you've done tonight
that upset me
I was so
we were working so well together
alright fine, bonk, bonk, whatever you said
thongs
I've had it with you
dicktugs
I'm not going near those things
I'm fucking filled with huntsmen
Pauline's head falls off
and Australia enters a bright new world
filled with
olives and fairies
and angels
and Gaelic
chants
oh
alrighty ta ta ta
Australia's been saved
these songs are short
you didn't think it was a good idea
to do this musical
you're just speeding it along
you know that my songs are not the strong part
this second act is dragon
it's my
a dragon
I'm a dragon
okay
Pauline Henson's body
turns to ash
the ashes sprinkle across
the northern
coast of Australia
where the national bird
the tusk
they eat the ash
laden water and they turn into
angelic figures and the entire continent
is lifted high above
and it's revealed that Atlantis was underneath Australia
the whole time
crown of thorns starfish
rise up and form into one giant
crown of thorns Godzilla starfish
a robot comes out
it's huge dick goes into the crown of thorns starfish
pumps it full of milk and air
it's poisoned and the crown of thorns starfish
explodes into a million
pieces of starfish
which as you know regenerate
a lone starfish rises
and sings its sad song
I am a starfish
and I want to be loved
as well as you
I have five fingers
instead of hands
I have no head
I just have five fingers
no hands
I cartwheel
instead of walking
I suck onto the sides
of everything
my life is doomed
to be the villain
of the ecosystem
I like it fucked by robot
dicks
why couldn't I have
six
fingers
thanks for coming to Harmontown everybody
the credits roll
there wasn't enough show
I had to fill in some at the end there
that was fantastic
let's give it for all of our volunteers
first of all Rio and Jeff
sound and light here at this awesome theater
the trippin is one of the coolest venues
of all time
who do we have here?
Echo, Josh, Darcy, Kate
Louise, Brad
let's give it up for Pauline Hansen
shall we everybody Pauline Hansen
Louise's husband
for Carrie and for the boobs
I said Brad
I didn't know it was Brad
Spencer Crittenden and everybody
I'm Jeff Davis and your mayor
Dan Harmon everybody
thank you Brisbane
God bless you
follow us to Melbourne
yeah
or at least let's all meet outside
and find a karaoke place where we can all invade
drive fast to the wrong side of the road
and take chances everybody
thank you so much
try to get those Doritos figured out
did you get any of that?
it's a good show